extend docs on contribution types (#147)
GIScience/ohsome-api: docs/response-parameters.rst

* ``@changesetId`` - id of the OSM changeset where the contribution was performed
* ``@osmType`` - type of the OSM element (NODE, WAY or RELATION)
* ``@timestamp`` - indicates when this contribution occurred

> * ``@creation``	- contribution type; indicates if a new feature gets created OR moved into your requested area of interest OR is now fitting to your defined filter parameter (true); cannot occur in combination with other contribution types

Reviewer: :arrow_down: please replace the tab with a space, and take a look at the tweaked wording:

```suggestion
* ``@creation`` - contribution type; indicates if the OSM element newly fits the query's requirements (either because it is newly created, moved into the query area of interest, or is now fitting to the defined filter parameter); cannot occur in combination with other contribution types
```

Author: Nice catch. You can't see that tab anywhere else but in here on GitHub :D neither in the editor that I use to edit the .rst files, nor in the html. 

About your suggested wording: I think we should also change ``feature`` with ``element`` as we've used this word also in other parts here. And I think it should also say ``.. query's area of interest..``. Apart from that, it looks fine.

> * ``@geometryChange`` - contribution type; indicates if the geometry of this feature has changed (true); can occur in combination with @tagChange

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``@geometryChange`` - contribution type; indicates if the geometry of the OSM element has changed (true); can occur in combination with @tagChange
```

> * ``@tagChange``- contribution type; indicates if the tag(s) of this feature has/have changed (true); can occur in combination with @geometryChange

Reviewer: IMHO there is no need to complicate the sentence for the special-case elements with a single tag.

```suggestion
* ``@tagChange``- contribution type; indicates if the tags of this feature have changed (true); can occur in combination with @geometryChange
```

Author: I'm fine with only using the plural form too. The single-form-only was not fitting too well imo, that's why I updated it.

> * ``@deletion`` - contribution type; indicates if a feature gets deleted OR moved outside of your requested area of interest OR is not fitting anymore to your defined filter parameter (true); cannot occur in combination with other contribution types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``@deletion`` - contribution type; indicates if a feature does not match the query requirements anymore: either because it got deleted, moved outside of the query area of interest, or is not matching the defined filter anymore (true); cannot occur in combination with other contribution types
```
